# CS172-Project

Motivation/End Goal of the Search Engine


The end goal of our search engine is to get information regarding the theme of pop culture in multiple subreddits. We chose to pick pop culture because it is a very broad field that covers many different entities such as movies, television, gaming, music, celebs and other relevant subreddits. Additionally, since our search engine applies to our theme with 500MB of raw data, our vast subreddit will allow for a diverse search engine. Because we are pulling from subreddits in real-time, we can collect valuable information that can be easily searchable through our search engine. We focused on the most popular subreddits within pop culture themes so that we could create a specialized search engine that allows users to find relevant reddit posts, opinions, and discussions. 
Our motivation for creating this search engine is to ensure that all of the unstructured information in the theme of pop culture can be easily accessible. We feel like pop culture discussions are often buried across so many different subreddits, posts, and comment sections. The search engine tool gets rid of the time consuming process of users having to parse through multiple communities to gather information and catch up on the newest trending topics. This search engine will allow us to allow us to index all of this information and organize and filter it based on categories so that users can access more targeted searches and access high quality content with minimal effort.
